sequence off the script when you are defining command inside off a script.
If you want to run,
command a command,
be and you want the command be to run first.
Then you should put command be first.
That's how the script works.
It goes through the sequence and start from the beginning,
and it goes to the end.
So if you have command one,
23 and so on,
it will run the command one followed by two,
followed by three.
For example,
if you wanted to run ls command first,
put Ellis Command first in your script,
followed by date and Kell,
which is calendar.
These are a few example commands I just picked.
So if you want to run date command,
the first thing,
then you should move that up before l s command.
That's how the scripting works.
Any script that you run,
whether it's a corn shell,
poor old,
any kind off programming language that you know,
it runs this way in a sequence,
something you should know.
And ah,
if you are confused that hey,
I run if else statement.
But if works this way and it runs else that way because that those are the statement
scripts.
We will cover that statement.
Scripts Don't confuse yourself right now,
but focus on this one script sequence it always 1123 as they are sequential in a sequential
order.